# 5 Configuring vSphere Networking

## 1. vSphere Standard Switches

### Learner Objectives

- Identify virtual switch connection types
- Configure and view standard switch configurations


### Virtual Switches

Virtual switches connect VMs to the physical network.

They provide connectivity between VMs on the same ESXi host or on different ESXi hosts.

They also support VMkernel services, such as vSphere vMotion migration, iSCSI, NFS, and access to the management network.

### Types of Virtual Switches

A virtual network supports standard and distributed switches. Both switch types are elastic, ports are created and removed automatically:

- Standard switch:
    - Virtual switch that is configured for a single host.
- Distributed switch:
    - Virtual switch that is configured for an entire data center.
    - Up to 2,000 hosts can be attached to the same distributed switch.
    - The configuration is consistent across all attached hosts.
    - Hosts must either have an Enterprise Plus license or belong to a vSAN cluster.

A virtual switch has specific connection types:
- VM ports
- VMkernel ports
- IP storage, vSphere vMotion migration, vSphere Fault Tolerance, vSAN, vSphere Replication, and the ESXi management network
- Uplink ports 

VM ports and VMkernel ports exist in port groups.

Networks (port groups) can coexist on the same virtual switch or on separate virtual switches.

### VLANs and Virtual Switch Tagging

ESXi provides VLAN support by assigning a VLAN ID to a port group. ESXi supports 802.1Q VLAN tagging.
Virtual switch tagging is one of the supported tagging policies:
- Frames from a VM are tagged as they exit the virtual switch.
- Tagged frames arriving at a virtual switch are untagged before they are sent to the destination VM.
- The effect on performance is minimal.

Physical switch ports must be configured as trunk ports.

In the vSphere Client, you can view a host’s standard switch configuration by selecting Virtual Switches on the Configure tab.

You can add new standard switches to an ESXi host or configure existing ones using the vSphere Client or VMware Host Client.

The VMkernel adapters pane shows details about the VMkernel interfaces, such as its name, the switch on which it is located, the IP address, and enabled services.

You can activate services for the VMkernel adapter.

- vMotion
- Provisioning
- Fault Tolerence logging
- Management
- vSphere Replication
- vSphere Replication NFC
- vSAN

(and others)

The Physical adapters pane shows adapter details such as speed, duplex, and networks.
Although the speed and duplex settings are configurable, the best practice is to leave the settings to auto negotiation.

## 2. Virtual Switch Networking Policies

### Learner Objectives

- Explain how to set security policies for a virtual switch
- Explain how to set traffic shaping policies for a virtual switch
- Explain how to set NIC teaming and failover policies for a virtual switch

### Networking Policies

You set networking policies on virtual switches to configure virtual network properties, such as security, performance, and availability.

Depending on the virtual switch type, networking policies can be applied at different levels of the virtual switch.

| Virtual Switch Type | Set Default Policy At | Override Default Policy At |
| --- | --- | --- |
| vSphere Standard Switch | Standard switch level | Port group level |
| vSphere Distributed Switch | Distributed port group level | Individual port level |

### Security Policies

- Promiscuous mode: Allow or disallow all traffic to be forwarded, regardless of the destination.
-  MAC address changes: Accept or reject inbound traffic when the MAC address is altered by the guest.
- Forged transmits: Accept or reject outbound traffic when the MAC address is altered by the guest.

### Traffic-Shaping Policies

Network traffic shaping is a mechanism for limiting a virtual machine’s consumption of available network bandwidth.

Average rate, peak rate, and burst size are configurable.

Network traffic shaping is deactivated by default.

A traffic-shaping policy is defined by average bandwidth, peak bandwidth, and burst size.
Parameters apply to each virtual NIC in the standard switch.

On a standard switch, traffic shaping controls only outbound traffic. Outbound traffic travels from the VMs to the virtual switch and out onto the physical network.

### NIC Teaming and Failover

With NIC teaming, you can increase the network capacity of a port group by including two or more physical NICs in a team.
Add the physical NICs (or uplinks) to the Active uplinks group.

Load Balancing Methods:

- **Originating Virtual Port ID:** With the load balancing method that is based on the originating virtual port ID, a virtual machine’s outbound traffic is mapped to a specific physical NIC.
- **Source MAC Hash:** A virtual machine's outbound traffic, when load balanced using the source MAC hash method, is mapped to a specific physical NIC based on the virtual NIC’s MAC address.
- **Source and Destination IP Hash:** With the IP-based load balancing method, a NIC for each outbound packet is selected based on its source and destination IP addresses.


### Detecting and Handling Network Failure

Network failures are monitored and detected by the VMkernel. The VMkernel monitors the link state and performs beacon probing (if selected) on one second intervals to ensure network uptime.
If the VMkernel determines a network failure, the VMkernel notifies physical switches of changes in the physical location of a MAC address.
Failover is implemented by the VMkernel based on configurable parameters:
- Failback: How the physical adapter is returned to active duty after recovering from failure.
- Load-balancing option: Use explicit failover order. Always use the vmnic uplink at the top of the active adapter list.

### Physical Network Considerations

Your virtual networking environment relies on the physical network infrastructure. As a vSphere administrator, you should discuss your vSphere networking needs with your network administration team.
The following issues are topics for discussion:
- Number of physical switches
- Network bandwidth required
- Physical switch configuration support for 802.1Q, for VLAN tagging
- Physical switch configuration support for NIC teaming: 802.3ad, Link Aggregation Control Protocol (LACP), or EtherChannel
- Network port security
- Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) and Cisco Discovery Protocol (CDP) and their operation modes, such as listen, broadcast, listen and broadcast, and disabled

## 3. vSphere Distributed Switches

A distributed switch functions as a single virtual switch across all associated hosts. Distributed switches have several benefits over standard switches:
- Distributed switches centralize the virtual network administration, and simplifies the data center administration.
- Distributed switch ports are statically assigned by vCenter and offer more granular control over network statistics and policies.

Managed by vCenter, a distributed switch is a logical entity that you can use to create and maintain a consistent virtual networking configuration throughout all your ESXi hosts.

In the vSphere Client, you can view the distributed switch configuration using the Topology pane in the Configure tab.

### Standard and Distributed Switches: Shared Features

| Feature | Standard Switch | Distributed Switch |
| ------- | :---------------: | :------------------: |
| Layer 2 switch | X | X |
| VLAN segmentation | X | X |
| 802.1Q tagging | X | X |
| IPv4 and IPv6 support | X | X |
| NIC teaming | X | X |
| Outbound traffic shaping | X | X |
| Inbound traffic shaping | | X |
| Configuration backup and restore | | X |
| Private VLANs | | X |
| Link Aggregation Control Protocol | | X |
| Data center level management | | X |
| vSphere vMotion migration of network state | | X |
| Network I/O Control | | X |
| Per-port policy settings | | X |
| Port state monitoring | | X |
| NetFlow | | X |
| Port mirroring | | X |
| Support for NSX | | X |

### Discovery Protocols

vSphere supports the following discovery protocols:
- Cisco Discovery Protocol (CDP): For vSphere standard switches and distributed switches connected to Cisco physical switches
- Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP): A vendor-neutral protocol for distributed switches only

Standard switches can be configured to use CDP.
Distributed switches can use CDP or LLDP.

With CDP or LLDP enabled, you can configure a virtual switch for different modes of operation:
- Listen: Information is received from the physical switches.
- Advertise: Information is sent to the physical switches.
- Both: Information is both sent to and received from the physical switches.

### Port Binding

Port binding determines when and how a VM virtual NIC is assigned to a virtual switch port. Port binding is configured at the distributed port group level, and binding options include:
- Static binding (default): vCenter assigns a permanent port for the VM or VMkernel interface.
- Ephemeral: ESXi (not vCenter) assigns the port to the VM. The assigned port changes when the VM reboots.

Port allocation options for static binding:
- Elastic (default): When all ports are assigned, a new set of eight ports is created.
- Fixed: No additional ports are created when all ports are assigned.

### Learner Objectives

- Recognize the difference between standard switches and distributed switches
- Identify the benefits and features of distributed switches
- Create a distributed switch


## Key Points

- Virtual switches can have the following connection types: VM ports, VMkernel port, and physical uplinks.
- A standard switch is a virtual switch configuration for a single host.
- A distributed switch provides functions that are similar to a standard switch. But the distributed switch defines a single configuration that is managed by vCenter and is shared across all associated hosts.
- You set networking policies on virtual switches to configure properties for security, performance, and availability.
- Network policies set at the standard switch level can be overridden at the port group level. Network policies set at the distributed switch port group level can be overridden at the individual port level.