What is the recommended approach for managing ESXi hosts centrally?
Question 1 options:

- [ ] Creating local user accounts on each host
- [ ] Using the vSphere ESXi Shell
- [ ] Logging in directly to each ESXi host using VMware Host Client
- [x] Managing through vCenter Server using the vSphere Client


SSH should only be activated on an ESXi Host for troubleshooting and maintenance purposes and then be immediately deactivated when finished. True or False?

- [x] True
- [ ] False


What is the recommended method for securing the root user account on an ESXi host?

- [ ] Using weak passwords for easy memorization
- [x] Creating strong passwords and changing them periodically
- [ ] Creating local user accounts with root privileges
- [ ] Disabling the root account


Which interface is used to configure certain settings for ESXi hosts during the initial basic configuration?

- [x] DCUI
- [ ] vSphere Client
- [ ] SSH command-line interface
- [ ] VMware Host Client


What does an ESXi host synchronize its time with when configured as an NTP client?

- [ ] A DHCP server providing time synchronization
- [ ] Another ESXi host on the same network
- [x] An NTP server on the Internet or your corporate NTP server
- [ ] A virtual machine running an NTP server software


Which of the following tasks can be performed from the DCUI for management network configuration?

- [ ] Configuring storage adapters
- [ ] Configuring virtual machine network settings
- [ ] Configuring vMotion settings
- [x] Restarting the management network


What is the recommended installation method for small deployments of fewer than five hosts?

- [x] Interactive installation
- [ ] Auto Deploy installation
- [ ] Scripted installation
- [ ] Kickstart installation


ESXi Quick Boot requires reinitializing the physical server BIOS during a reboot. True or False?

- [ ] True
- [x] False


What is the default administrative username for the ESXi host?

- [ ] admin
- [ ] sysadmin
- [x] root
- [ ] superuser


How do virtual machines benefit from time synchronization with the ESXi host?

- [ ] Enhanced network connectivity
- [ ] Reduced memory usage
- [x] Synchronized time for applications
- [ ] Improved storage performance


What is the default state of the ESXi firewall?

- [ ] Permissive
- [x] Activated
- [ ] Deactivated
- [ ] Bypassed


What does PTP provision for virtual machines and hosts within a network?

- [x] Hardware-based timestamping
- [ ] Software-based timestamping
- [ ] Network encryption
- [ ] Load balancing


Which protocol does an ESXi host use for time synchronization as an NTP client?

- [x] UDP over port 123
- [ ] UDP over port 80
- [ ] TCP over port 80
- [ ] TCP over port 123


Which of the following settings can be configured using the DCUI for ESXi host management network?

- [ ] SNMP settings
- [ ] Firewall rules
- [x] VLAN ID
- [ ] NTP server settings


Can the NTP and PTP services run simultaneously on an ESXi host?

- [ ] It depends on the hardware configuration
- [ ] Yes, they can run simultaneously
- [x] No, only one of them can be active at a time
- [ ] The ESXi host does not support NTP or PTP services


What type of protocol is NTP?

- [ ] Broadcast protocol
- [x] Client-server protocol
- [ ] Multicast protocol
- [ ] Peer-to-peer protocol


What is the recommended practice regarding troubleshooting services in the DCUI?

- [ ] Keep them activated at all times
- [x] Keep them deactivated until necessary for troubleshooting.
- [ ] Activate them only when working with VMware technical support
- [ ] Deactivate them only when working with VMware technical support


What is the recommended approach for accessing an ESXi host when the vCenter Server system is unavailable?

- [ ] Using the root user account for direct login
- [ ] Using the vSphere ESXi Shell
- [x] Using the VMware Host Client
- [ ] Using the vSphere Client


What is the minimum requirement for the amount of physical RAM in a host to meet the hardware configurations supported by ESXi 8.0?

- [ ] 16 GB
- [x] 8 GB
- [ ] 2 GB
- [ ] 4 GB



Which feature of ESXi helps to minimize the risk of attacks through the management interface?

- [ ] UEFI secure boot
- [ ] Memory hardening
- [ ] Trusted Platform Module
- [x] Host-based firewall


What can be used as a fallback if the PTP service does not work?

- [x] NTP
- [ ] DNS
- [ ] DHCP
- [ ] SMTP


Which key do you press to start customizing system settings in the Direct Console User Interface (DCUI)?

- [x] F2
- [ ] F1
- [ ] F4
- [ ] F3


Which protocol provides millisecond timing accuracy for time synchronization?

- [ ] Manual configuration
- [ ] Both NTP and PTP
- [x] NTP
- [ ] PTP


Which protocol does a PTP client use for time synchronization?

- [x] UDP over ports 319 and 320
- [ ] TCP over ports 319 and 320
- [ ] UDP over port 123
- [ ] TCP over port 123


What is the purpose of ESXi Quick Boot?

- [ ] To enable booting directly into memory
- [ ] To improve reliability with SSD devices
- [ ] To provide a small disk footprint
- [x] To reduce remediation time during patch or upgrade ope