Using the vCenter Server GUI Installer to deploy vCenter Server, what are some steps that you take in Stage 1: Deploy vCenter Server? Select all that apply.

- [x] Accept the EULA.
- [x] Select compute size, storage size, and datastore location (thin disk).
- [x] Define the vCenter Server Appliance name and root password.
- [x] Define networking settings.
- [x] Connect to the target ESXi host or vCenter Server system.


What is the vCenter Serve Appliance?

- [ ] A prepackaged Windows-based VM that is used as a service of vCenter Server, allowing for easier access to it.
- [x] A prepackaged Linux-based VM that is optimized for running vCenter Server and associated services.
- [ ] A prepackaged Windows-based VM that is optimized for running vCenter Server and associated services.
- [ ] A prepackaged Linux-based VM that is used as a service of vCenter Server, allowing for easier access to it.


Before deploying vCenter Server Appliance, you must complete several tasks such as verifying that all vCenter Server Appliance system requirements are met and ensuring that clocks on all VMs in the vSphere network are synchronized. What else must you get before deploying vCenter Server Appliance?

- [x] The fully qualified domain name (FQDNs) or the static IP of the host machine on which you install vCenter Server Appliance.
- [ ] The fully qualified domain names (FQDNs) or the static IPs of the host machines that you want to install on the vCenter Server Appliance.
- [ ] The fully qualified domain names (FQDNs) and the dynamic IPs of the host machines that you want to install on the vCenter Server Appliance.
- [ ] The fully qualified domain name (FQDN) and the dynamic IP of the host machine on which you install vCenter Server Appliance.


After deploying your vCenter Server Appliance, what address do you use to configure and monitor your vCenter Server Appliance instance with the VAMI?

- [ ] https://vCenter_Server_FQDN_or_IP_address:5480/ui
- [x] https://vCenter_Server_FQDN_or_IP_address/ui
- [ ] https://vCenter_Server_FQDN_or_IP_address:9850/ui
- [ ] https://vCenter_Server_FQDN_or_IP_address:4580/ui


When you first open the vCenter Server Appliance Installer, what are the four options you are given?

- [ ] Install, Update, Mitigate, or Restore
- [x] Install, Upgrade, Migrate, or Restore.
- [ ] There aren't any options, it immediately starts Stage 1: Deployment of OVF.
- [ ] Install, Backup, Update, or Reset


vCenter Server provides a few system roles which you cannot modify. Select some of the vCenter Server System Roles from the list below.

- [x] No Cryptography Administrator Role
- [x] Read-only Role
- [x] No Access Role
- [ ] Cryptography Administrator Role
- [ ] Write-only Role


What are some of the tasks involved in populating and organizing your vCenter Server inventory? Select all that apply.

- [x] Configuring storage systems and creating datastore inventory objects to provide logical containers for storage devices in your inventory
- [ ] Organizing inventory objects by role.
- [x] Organizing inventory objects in folders
- [x] Setting up networking by using vSphere standard switches or vSphere distributed switches
- [x] Creating clusters to consolidate the resources of multiple hosts and VMs


The vCenter Server Appliance package contains what software?

- [ ] Postgre database
- [ ] vSphere
- [x] vCenter Server services
- [ ] SQL server
- [ ] ESXi
- [x] Photon
- [x] PostgreSQL database


vCenter Server does which of the following? Select all that apply.

- [x] It acts as a central administration point for ESXi hosts and virtual machines.
- [ ] It decentralizes administration for ESXi hosts and virtual machines.
- [x] It directs the actions of VMs and hosts.
- [x] It runs on a Linux-based appliance.


In which two vCenter Inventory Views can you view and manage VMs?

- [ ] Storage
- [ ] Networks
- [ ] You can only view VMs in the VMs and Templates Inventory View and no others
- [ ] You can only view VMs in the Storage Inventory View and no others
- [x] Host and Clusters
- [ ] You can only view VMs in the Host and Clusters Inventory View and no others
- [x] VMs and Templates


You have just added several hosts to your new vCenter Server and need to assign new licenses to all of them. What must you do before you can assign the licenses?

- [x] Add the new licenses to the vCenter License Service in the vSphere Client by going to Menu > Administration > Licenses and then selecting "ADD" and inputting the licenses one per line.
- [ ] You do not need to assign licenses to hosts. Once you have added the licenses to the vCenter License Service it will automatically assign them to the required hosts.
- [ ] Add the new licenses to the vCenter License Service in the vSphere Client by going to Menu > Administration > Licenses and then selecting "ADD" and inputting one license, selecting "OK", and then repeating.
- [ ] Go into each individual host's VMware Host Client and add them there.



When using the VAMI to set up Log File Forwarding to a remote host, you specify forwarding configuration information for the remote syslog server such as the Server Address, Protocol, and Port. True or False?

- [x] True
- [ ] False


You can only view Datacenter objects in the Inventory view in which they were created. True or False?

- [ ] True
- [x] False


You have just finished installing a vCenter Server instance and want to assign a new license to it. You have already entered the 25-character license key into your vCenter License Service through the vSphere Client. How do you assign the license key to the vCenter Server instance asset?

- [ ] You have already entered the License Key into the vCenter Server system, so there is no need to assign it to anything.
- [x] In the vSphere Client, select the vCenter Server from the navigation pane, select "Configure" from the ribbon, select "Licensing" under "Settings" in the middle pane, and then select "ASSIGN LICENSE". From there you select the License Key you entered earlier.
- [ ] In the VAMI, select "Services" in the navigation pane, select "License Service" from the list, select "EDIT", and then select "ASSIGN LICENSE", then select the vCenter Server. From there you select the License Key you entered earlier.
- [ ] In the VMware Host Client, right-click the vCenter Server VM from the navigation pane, select "Settings" from the dropdown menu, open the "Licensing" dropdown, and then select "ASSIGN LICENSE". From there you select the License Key you entered earlier.


vCenter Server services include?

- [x] vCenter Lookup Service
- [x] vCenter Single Sign-On
- [x] vSphere ESXi Dump Collector
- [x] vSphere Client
- [x] VMware Certificate Authority
- [x] vCenter Server


What is the purpose of using tags in the vCenter inventory?

- [ ] To change the name of objects in the inventory
- [ ] To track changes made to objects in the inventory
- [ ] To enable remote access to objects in the inventory
- [x] To attach metadata to objects for better organization


The virtual provisioning X agent (vpxa) acts as an intermediary between what two deamons to provide communication between vCenter Server and an ESXi Host?

- [ ] hostd and servd
- [ ] vpxb and hosta
- [ ] vpxb and vpxc
- [x] vpxd and hostd


After deploying your vCenter Server Appliance, what address do you use to access and manage your vCenter Server inventory with the vSphere Client?

- [ ] https://vCenter_Server_FQDN_or_IP_address:9850/ui
- [ ] https://vCenter_Server_FQDN_or_IP_address:4580/ui
- [x] https://vCenter_Server_FQDN_or_IP_address/ui
- [ ] https://vCenter_Server_FQDN_or_IP_address:5480/ui


You can use the VAMI at port 9850 to make backups of your vCenter Server Appliance. True or False?

- [ ] True
- [x] False