What is the purpose of SAN switches in a Fibre Channel SAN?

- [x] To connect hosts to storage arrays
- [ ] To connect storage devices to the cloud
- [ ] To connect storage devices to the network
- [ ] To connect hosts to the network


What is the difference between a software iSCSI initiator and a hardware iSCSI initiator in ESXi?

- [ ] A software iSCSI initiator is a specialized third-party adapter capable of accessing iSCSI storage over TCP/IP, while a hardware iSCSI initiator is VMware code built in to the VMkernel
- [ ] A software iSCSI initiator is a third-party adapter capable of accessing iSCSI storage over TCP/IP, while a hardware iSCSI initiator is VMware code built in to the VMkernel
- [ ] A software iSCSI initiator handles all iSCSI and network processing and management, while a hardware iSCSI initiator requires a VMkernel iSCSI port
- [x] A software iSCSI initiator is VMware code built in to the VMkernel and uses standard network adapters, while a hardware iSCSI initiator is a third-party adapter with iSCSI offload function


What should you do before deleting or unmounting a VMFS datastore?

- [ ] Ignore any error messages about the resource being busy
- [x] Power off all VMs whose disks reside on the datastore
- [ ] Verify that the datastore is part of a datastore cluster
- [ ] Delete all the files on the datastore


What is Raw Device Mapping (RDM)?

- [ ] A file stored in a VMFS volume that acts as a proxy for a virtual disk
- [ ] A file stored in a datastore that allows direct access to a physical device
- [ ] A file stored in a datastore that allows direct access to a virtual disk
- [x] A file stored in a VMFS volume that acts as a proxy for a raw physical device


What is the software iSCSI initiator and how does it communicate with the iSCSI storage system?

- [ ] The software iSCSI initiator is a storage device that contains one or more LUNs and storage processors, and it communicates with the ESXi host over a TCP/IP network
- [ ] The software iSCSI initiator is a Fibre Channel switch that connects the host to the storage array using the Fibre Channel protocol
- [ ] The software iSCSI initiator is a software-based iSCSI HBA that resides in a NIC and transmits SCSI commands over the IP network to the iSCSI target
- [x] The software iSCSI initiator is a software-based component that resides in the ESXi host and transmits SCSI commands over the IP network to the iSCSI target


What is vSAN?

- [ ] A backup and disaster recovery solution for virtual environments
- [x] A software-defined storage solution that pools together storage components from hosts in a cluster
- [ ] A network protocol used for storage area networks
- [ ] A type of virtual machine in VMware


What is the purpose of zoning and LUN masking in a Fibre Channel SAN environment?

- [ ] To manage host groups on the SAN devices
- [x] To identify a node in the SAN
- [ ] To assign port addresses to devices
- [ ] To separate SAN activity and restrict access to storage devices


What is the transport protocol used for vSAN?

- [ ] Fibre Chanel
- [ ] iSCSI
- [x] Direct attached
- [ ] NFS


What is the purpose of WWPN?

- [ ] To assign a port address to a device
- [x] To identify a node in the SAN
- [ ] To manage host groups on the SAN devices
- [ ] To restrict access to storage devices


vSphere Virtual Volumes virtualizes SAN and NAS devices by abstracting physical hardware resources into logical pools of capacity. True or False?

- [x] True
- [ ] False


Which of the following is storage shared over standard TCP/IP networks at the file system level?

- [ ] FCoE
- [ ] FC
- [x] NAS
- [ ] iSCSI


What is the Fibre Channel protocol used for in a Network?

- [ ] Transporting UDP traffic from VMs to the Fibre Channel SAN Devices
- [x] Transporting SCSI traffic from VMs to the Fibre Channel SAN Devices
- [ ] Transporting HTTP traffic from VMs to the Fibre Channel SAN Devices
- [ ] Transporting Ethernet traffic from VMs to the Fibre Channel SAN Devices


What is a datastore and how does it relate to virtual machine files?

- [ ] A virtual machine file format for storing data on a storage device
- [x] A logical container for holding virtual machine files that hides the specifics of the underlying storage device
- [ ] A physical container for holding virtual machine files
- [ ] A network protocol used to access virtual machine files


What are some examples of path selection policies offered by VMware for load-balancing and failover?

- [ ] Least Recently Used (LRU), Dynamic, and Fixed
- [x] Round Robin, Most Recently Used (MRU), and Fixed
- [ ] Round Robin, Most Recently Used (MRU), and Dynamic
- [ ] Static, Dynamic, and Round Robin


Which of the following is a valid SCSI-based storage device that can be used with VMFS?

- [ ] Bluetooth storage
- [ ] SATA storage
- [ ] USB storage
- [x] Fibre Channel storage


Which types of storage devices can you create VMFS datastores on in ESXi?

- [ ] Only local storage devices
- [ ] Only Fibre Channel storage devices
- [x] Fibre Channel, iSCSI, and local storage devices
- [ ] Only iSCSI storage devices


What are some examples of data that can be stored on Direct-attached storage (DAS)?

- [ ] vSphere HA
- [x] VM files and templates
- [ ] Shared LUNs
- [ ] Clustered VMs


What are some considerations when planning to use NFS Kerberos?

- [x] Using different Active Directory users on different hosts that access the same NFS share can cause the vSphere vMotion migration to fail
- [ ] NFS 3 and 4.1 use the same authentication credentials, resulting in compatible UID and GID on files
- [ ] NFS Kerberos configuration cannot be automated using host profiles
- [ ] Time synchronization between components is not required for Kerberos authentication


What NFS protocol versions are supported by vSphere v8?

- [x] NFS 3 and NFS 4.1
- [ ] NFS 3.1 and NFS 4
- [ ] NFS 4 and NFS 5.1
- [ ] NFS 2 and NFS 4


Which of the following is an authentication method supported by ESXi for iSCSI initiators and targets?

- [ ] SAML
- [x] CHAP
- [ ] QAuth
- [ ] LDAP


How can iSCSI arrays restrict access to targets from hosts?

- [ ] By restricting access based on the host's CPU and memory usage
- [ ] By using Fibre Channel switches and the Fibre Channel protocol
- [ ] By restricting access based on the host's physical location
- [x] By restricting access based on the host's IP address or subnet


Which storage protocol maps SCSI block-oriented storage over TCP/IP?

- [ ] vSAN
- [ ] FCoE
- [x] iSCSI
- [ ] NAS


What feature does NFS 4.1 provide for servers that support session trunking?

- [ ] Kerberos authentication
- [ ] Enhanced error recovery
- [ ] Client ID trunking
- [x] Native multipathing


Which of the following features does the NFS 4.1 client offer over NFS 3?

- [ ] Native multipathing and session trunking
- [ ] Kerberos authentication
- [ ] Stateful locks with share reservation using a mandatory locking semantic
- [x] All of the above


Which of the following is not a CHAP authentication method supported by ESXi?

- [ ] Unidirectional or one-way CHAP
- [ ] Bidirectional or mutual CHAP
- [ ] Both A and B are supported
- [x] Triple CHAP