What type of communication is available with VMCI?

- [ ] Only connection oriented
- [ ] Only datagrams
- [x] Both connectionless and connection oriented
- [ ] None of the above


What is the recommended method for updating a template with new patches or software?

- [ ] Create another template and migrate the VMs to it
- [ ] Power off the template and make changes directly to the disk files
- [x] Convert the template to a VM, make changes, power off the VM, then convert it back to a template
- [ ] Use a third-party tool to update the template directly


An administrator directly change the contents of a subscribed library. True or False?

- [ ] True
- [x] False


What should you keep in mind when cloning a VM?

- [ ] You can clone a VM using VMware Host Client
- [x] You must be connected to vCenter to clone a VM
- [ ] Cloning a powered on VM automatically quiesces services and applications
- [ ] Cloning a VM does not require any special considerations


What is a published library?

- [x] A local library that is available for subscription
- [ ] A configuration to subscribe to a published library
- [ ] A local library available for use in data centers that are objects to the local vCenter
- [ ] A repository of OVF templates and other file types that can be shared and synchronized across vCenter systems globally


How many virtual SCSI targets can you have for a virtual SCSI adapter if you use a PVSCSI driver?

- [x] 64
- [ ] 32
- [ ] 48
- [ ] 15


What happens when you inflate a thin-provisioned disk?

- [x] The virtual disk is converted to a thick-provisioned, eagerzeroed forma
- [ ] The virtual disk is converted to a thick-provisioned, lazyzeroed forma
- [ ] The datastore space is released and returned to the storage pool
- [ ] The virtual disk occupies only a portion of the originally provisioned datastore space


Which of the following is a benefit of managing VM templates with the content library?

- [ ] Automatically update the VM template to the latest version
- [x] Monitor the changes made by privileged users
- [ ] Create a VM template directly from a powered on VM
- [ ] Modify a VM template without affecting the deployed VMs


Which of the following is used for more efficient transfers when the datastores used by the published and subscribed libraries exist in the same storage array?

- [ ] HTTPS
- [ ] NFC
- [x] VAAI
- [ ] None of the above


Can a published library publish both VM templates and OVF templates to its subscribers?

- [x] Yes, all templates are synchronized automatically
- [ ] No, only VM templates are pushed to the subscriber
- [ ] Yes, but only OVF templates are synchronized in the subscribed library
- [ ] No, only OVF templates can be published


What is the benefit of creating templates for virtual machines?

- [ ] Templates require less permissions than VMs in the inventory
- [ ] Templates make the provisioning of physical machines much faster
- [ ] Templates cannot be organized into folders or collections
- [x] Templates make the provisioning of virtual machines much faster and less error-prone than physical machines


What happens to the corresponding library item when you convert the VM template in the vCenter inventory to a VM?

- [ ] The corresponding library item is renamed
- [ ] The corresponding library item remains unchanged
- [ ] The corresponding library item is moved to a different content library
- [x] The corresponding library item is deleted


Can you change the amount of memory allocated to a VM without powering it off?

- [ ] No, for all memory parameter settings
- [ ] Yes, for all memory parameter settings
- [ ] Only for VMs with low memory usage
- [x] Yes, for some memory parameter settings


Can you add or remove VMCI devices?

- [x] No, you cannot add or remove VMCI devices
- [ ] Only the system administrator can add or remove VMCI devices
- [ ] Yes, you can add and remove VMCI devices
- [ ] It depends on the virtualization platform


What is the purpose of swap files (.vswp) in a VMware virtual machine?

- [ ] To archive old log entries
- [ ] To store the VMs BIOS or EFI settings
- [ ] To replace the VM configuration file if it is converted to a template
- [x] To reclaim memory during periods of contention


What is the purpose of simple versioning with regards to content libraries?

- [ ] Storing multiple versions of a library item
- [ ] Offering rollback features for library items
- [x] Assigning a numerical value to the content library and its content
- [ ] Checking the version number of the entire vCenter instance


What are some methods for provisioning virtual machines in a virtual infrastructure?

- [ ] Creating VMs using the New Virtual Machine wizard
- [ ] Cloning VMs from a preconfigured template
- [ ] Deploying virtual appliances and vApps from OVF templates
- [x] All of the above


What is the maximum number of vCPUs a VM can have?

- [ ] Twice the number of physical processor cores
- [ ] The number of physical processor cores
- [ ] Depends on the compatibility setting
- [x] The number of logical CPUs on the host


What are some benefits of installing VMware Tools in a virtual machine?

- [x] Improved network performance
- [ ] Increased number of virtual CPUs
- [ ] Reduced file sharing capabilities
- [ ] Slower graphical performance


What type of templates can be synchronized between a published and subscribed library?

- [x] Only OVF templates
- [ ] Only VM templates
- [ ] Both OVF and VM templates
- [ ] None of the above


What are the two ways to remove a VM in VMware?

- [ ] Unregister from vCenter and move to a different datastore
- [x] Remove from inventory and delete from disk
- [ ] Remove from inventory and move to recycle bin
- [ ] Unregister from vCenter and delete from disk


What is thin provisioning and what are its benefits?

- [ ] A disk type that requires manual space allocation and management
- [ ] A disk type that allocates space during creation and zero out data on demand
- [x] A disk type that uses only as much datastore space as the disk initially needs
- [ ] A disk type that allocates space during creation and zero out data immediately


What is the file extension of the configuration file for a VMware virtual machine?

- [ ] .vmdk
- [ ] .nvram
- [ ] .vwsp
- [x] .vmx