To configure vSphere vMotion networking, you must set up a VMkernel adapter with the vSphere vMotion service activated on the source and destination host. True or False?

- [x] True
- [ ] False


What is snapshot consolidation?

- [ ] A way to merge virtual disks into a single disk
- [ ] A way to create a new snapshot of a VM
- [ ] A way to increase the size of the delta disk files
- [x] A way to remove unneeded delta disk files from a datastore


What is a drawback of specifying a limit for a VM's resource usage?

- [ ] It degrades the performance of the VM
- [ ] It allows the VM to use as many resources as it wants
- [x] It can result in wasted idle resources
- [ ] It guarantees that idle resources will not be wasted


What is the purpose of the provisioning TCP/IP stack?

- [ ] Provides networking support for the management traffic between vCenter and ESXi hosts
- [ ] Creates a custom TCP/IP stack to forward networking traffic through a custom application
- [x] Supports the traffic for VM cold migration, cloning, and snapshot creation
- [ ] Supports the traffic for hot migrations of VMs


What happens when you select the "Reserve all guest memory (All locked)" check box when reserving memory for a VM?

- [x] All the VM's memory gets reserved, even if the total amount of memory for the VM changes
- [ ] The memory reservation cannot be readjusted if the VM's memory configuration changes
- [ ] The memory reservation is only partially reserved, leaving some memory available for other VMs
- [ ] The memory reservation is automatically removed if the VM is powered off


What does the Delete All Snapshots action do?

- [x] Commits all the intermediate snapshots before the current-state icon (You are here) to the VM and removes all snapshots for that VM.
- [ ] Permanently removes all of the VMs snapshots and their files from the VM.
- [ ] Commits all the intermediate snapshots after the current-state icon (You are here) to the VM and removes all snapshots for that VM
- [ ] Commits all snapshots to the VM.


What happens when the descriptor and snapshot files do not match during snapshot consolidation in vCenter?

- [x] A warning is displayed in vCenter
- [ ] The descriptor file is automatically updated to match the snapshot files
- [ ] The consolidation process is automatically canceled
- [ ] The snapshot files are automatically deleted


What is Enhanced vMotion Compatibility in vSphere, and what does it do?

- [ ] It ensures that all hosts in a cluster present the same CPU feature set to VMs, even if the CPUs on the hosts differ
- [ ] It allows you to migrate VMs among CPUs that otherwise are considered incompatible
- [ ] It enforces vSphere vMotion compatibility among all hosts in a cluster by forcing hosts to expose a common set of CPU features (baseline) to VMs
- [x] All of the above


Which CPU characteristic can cause a vSphere vMotion migration to fail if the source and target hosts are not an exact match?

- [x] Hyperthreading
- [ ] Virtualization layer
- [ ] Application-level instructions
- [ ] SSE4.1 instructions


What is the default format for delta disks on VMFS6 datastores?

- [ ] VMFSparse
- [ ] VMDK
- [ ] None of the options
- [x] SEsparse


What migration option allows you to move a VM to another host without moving its storage?

- [ ] Both Compute resource and storage
- [x] Compute resource only
- [ ] Cross vCenter Server export
- [ ] Storage only


Which of the following are requirements for creating an Enhanced vMotion Compatibility cluster in vSphere?

- [ ] The applications on the VMs must be written to use the CPU ID machine instruction for discovering CPU features, as recommended by the CPU vendors
- [ ] The hosts that you intend to add to the cluster must have Intel FlexMigration or AMD-V Extended Migration technologies
- [x] "Hosts" and "Applications" related options
- [ ] Enhanced vMotion Compatibility has no specific requirements


What mechanism does vSphere provide to allow less, more, or equal access to a defined resource?

- [ ] Resource contention
- [x] Resource allocation
- [ ] Resource overcommitment
- [ ] Resource reservation


What is a benefit of specifying a limit for a VM's resource usage?

- [ ] It allows the VM to use as many resources as it needs
- [x] It guarantees that idle resources will not be wasted
- [ ] It helps manage user expectations
- [ ] It guarantees that idle resources will not be wasted


What can happen if consolidation is not performed?

- [ ] The VM will no longer be able to access its virtual disks
- [ ] The delta disk files will be automatically deleted
- [ ] The VM will automatically be powered off
- [x] The delta disk files might expand to consume all the remaining space on the datastore


Which of the following is a redo log that starts empty, immediately after a VM snapshot is taken, and expands to the size of its base VMDK when the entire VMDK is rewritten with new data after the VM snapshot?

- [x] VMDKsparse
- [ ] VMDKredo
- [ ] SEsparce
- [ ] VMFSsparse


When you delete a snapshot one or more levels below the "You are here "level, it and all snapshots below it are committed to the parent snapshot. True or False?

- [ ] True
- [x] False


What are some use cases for cross vCenter migrations with vSphere vMotion?

- [x] Balancing workloads across clusters and vCenter instances in the same site or in another geographical area
- [ ] Moving VMs from a public cloud to an on-premises vSphere data center
- [ ] Migrating VMs only between development environments
- [ ] Moving VMs between hosts in the same cluster


You can migrate a VM from a host with an IPv4 address to a host with an IPv6 address using vSphere vMotion. True or False?

- [ ] True
- [x] False

When running a virtual machine, the VMkernel creates a discrete addressable memory space for the VM. True or False?

- [ ] True
- [x] False


What is the purpose of using snapshots in vSphere?

- [ ] To migrate VMs between vCenter instances
- [ ] To create a custom TCP/IP stack on a host
- [ ] To isolate vSphere vMotion traffic in a separate network
- [x] To preserve the state of the VM so that you can repeatedly return to the same state


What do hosts use the vmx-*.vswp swap file for?

- [ ] To store a VM's configuration settings
- [x] To gather and track memory overhead
- [ ] To provide a backup copy of a VM's memory in case of a host failure
- [ ] To store virtual disks of a VM


What is the difference between cold and hot migration?

- [ ] Cold migration moves a powered-on VM, while hot migration moves only a powered-off VM?
- [ ] Cold migration moves only a suspended VM, while hot migration moves a powered-on VM
- [x] Cold migration moves a powered-off or suspended VM, while hot migration moves a powered-on VM
- [ ] Cold migration moves a powered-on VM, while hot migration moves a powered-off or suspended VM?