You click the "RUN DRS NOW" button to apply all DRS recommendations. True or False?

- [ ] True
- [x] False


Which feature helps balance the load between hosts in a vSphere cluster after failover and VM restart?

- [ ] vSphere HA
- [ ] vSAN
- [ ] vMotion
- [x] vSphere DRS


In vSphere, what configuration threshold determines when a warning or notice is generated based on the cluster's available capacity and performance reduction tolerance?

- [ ] Configuration issue threshold
- [ ] Failover capacity percentage
- [ ] Admission control percentage
- [x] Performance degradation VMs tolerate threshold


Why is redundant heartbeat networking recommended for a vSphere HA cluster?

- [ ] It supports reliable detection of failures
- [ ] It prevents isolation or partition conditions from occurring
- [ ] It provides a backup connection in case of primary host connection failure
- [ ] It eliminates single points of failure in the failover setup
- [x] All of the above


Which of the following are tasks that you can do using the Cluster Quickstart workflow in vSphere?

- [ ] Setting up vSphere vMotion and vSAN
- [ ] Verifying hardware and software compatibility
- [ ] Deploying vSphere Distributed Switches
- [x] All of the above


What are the possible responses of vSphere HA to datastore accessibility failures?

- [ ] Issue events
- [ ] Power off and restart VMs - Conservative restart policy
- [ ] Power off and restart VMs - Aggressive restart policy
- [x] All of the above.


In a vSphere cluster, which admission control policy is set as the default and automatically recalculates as the cluster's resources change?

- [ ] Slot Policy
- [ ] Dedicated Failover Hosts
- [ ] Disabled
- [x] Cluster Resource Percentage


Which vSphere HA setting lets you customize the restart priority for individual VMs?

- [x] VM-Level Restart Priority
- [ ] Default VM Restart Priority
- [ ] Per VM Restart Policy
- [ ] Default VM Restart Policy


A slot is calculated by combining the largest memory reservation and the largest CPU reservation of any running VM in the cluster. True or False?
- [x] True
- [ ] False


How does the primary host determine whether a secondary host is isolated or has failed in a vSphere HA cluster?

- [ ] By monitoring the availability of the secondary host's virtual machines
- [x] Using datastore heartbeating
- [ ] Analyzing the network traffic between the primary and secondary host
- [ ] Through network partition detection


How does vSphere DRS improve resource utilization in a cluster?

- [ ] By aggregating computing capacity into logical resource pools
- [ ] By providing recommendations for VM migrations
- [ ] By automatically migrating VMs using vSphere vMotion
- [x] All of the above


For CPU usage, the VM boxes are not color-coded because the relationship between consumed memory and entitlement is often not easily categorized. True or False?
- [ ] True
- [x] False


How is the primary host determined in a vSphere HA cluster?

- [ ] Based on the host's network connectivity
- [ ] By comparing the CPU and memory resources of the host
- [x] Using an election process based on datastore accessibility
- [ ] Random selection by the vCenter server


What is the purpose of vSphere Fault Tolerance?

- [ ] Streamlining VM management tasks
- [ ] Load balancing between hosts
- [x] Providing fault-tolerant protection for mission-critical VMs
- [ ] Data replication between hosts


Which of the following metrics are displayed on the VM DRS Score page for powered-on VMs in vSphere?

- [ ] Active CPU
- [ ] Used CPU
- [ ] CPU Readiness
- [x] All of the above


What are the two types of rules that can be created in a vSphere DRS cluster to specify affinity?

- [ ] Load rules and priority rules
- [ ] Placement rules and balancing rules
- [ ] Automation rules and migration rules
- [x] Affinity rules and anti-affinity rules


How many ESXi hosts can a cluster contain in vSphere?

- [ ] Up to 128 ESXi hosts
- [ ] Up to 64 ESXi hosts
- [x] Up to 96 ESXi hosts
- [ ] Up to 32 ESXi hosts


Which automation level setting allows for more control over the placement of a critical VM and requires manual intervention for migration recommendations?

- [ ] Partially Automated
- [x] Manual
- [ ] Fully Automated
- [ ] Disabled


What determines whether vSphere DRS makes migration recommendations or automatically places VMs on hosts?

- [x] The automation level
- [ ] The power-on process of the VM
- [ ] The cluster's overall DRS score
- [ ] The need for VM rebalancing across hosts


When using vSphere HA Orchestrated Restart you should create cyclical dependencies to make sure the VM's restart succeeds. True or False?
- [ ] True
- [x] False


Which migration threshold setting applies only priority 1 recommendations, such as satisfying VMs' requirements and host maintenance?

- [ ] Level 5 (Aggressive)
- [ ] Level 4
- [x] Level 1 (Conservative)
- [ ] Level 2
- [ ] Level 3 (default)


When making changes to the networking configuration on ESXi hosts in a vSphere HA-configured cluster, what action is required to avoid false detection of host failure and network isolation?

- [x] Suspending host monitoring
- [ ] Adding port groups
- [ ] Reactivating host monitoring
- [ ] Changing network hardware


How is the VM DRS score computed in vSphere?

- [ ] By considering the VM's CPU, memory, and network metrics
- [ ] By evaluating the VM's resource utilization over a sample period
- [ ] By categorizing the score into five buckets based on 20 percent ranges
- [x] All of the above


What happens in the event of a primary host failure when using vSphere Fault Tolerance?

- [ ] Primary VM continues running on the same host
- [ ] Primary VM takes over without interruption
- [ ] Primary and secondary VMs fail simultaneously
- [x] Secondary VM takes over without interruption


When turning on vSphere Fault Tolerance for a VM, what changes are made to the VM's memory settings?

- [ ] Memory size is increased for fault tolerance purposes
- [x] Memory limit is set to the default (unlimited memory)
- [ ] Memory shares are adjusted based on VM's workload
- [ ] Memory limit is set to the memory size of the VM